Group 3: database options
Members: Alexander, Christian, Esteban and Brisa

1.	Brisa
a.	Database: World Development Indicators, World Bank Group (2022)
b.	Information: This database presents information from years 1960 to 2021 about world development indicators, in topics such as economic policy, education, environment, financial sector, gender, health, infrastructure, poverty, private sector & trade aspects, public sector quality and social protection and labor. The information its given at a country level, but these units can also be filtered by region, income level and lending group.
c.	Interest: I would like to observe the evolution of health and education indicators over time; particularly, over the second decade of the XXI century, and among middle income level countries.

2. Cristhian
a. Database: World Economic Outlook Database (WEO), International Monetary Fund
b. Informattion: Contains selected macroeconomic data series from the statistical appendix of the World Economic report, which presents the IMF staff's analysis
   and projections of economic developments at the global level, in major country groups in many individual countries.
c. Interest: I would like to work with macroeconomic indicators, to be able to analyze the series and explain their behavior over time.

3. Alexander Du-Bois
a. Database: Climate Change Knowledge Portal (CCKP), World Bank Group
b. Information: This databank contains information about current global climate and the future changes or vulnerabilities it may have. It contains data at a global, national and subnational level, and on diferent sectoral impacts used for predictability.
c. Interest: I am really interested in the evolution of climate change across the years in countries with different development stages, and would like to compare their policies and their impact with this data, to conclude wether their behavoir should be replicated, or if other solutions for global warming need to be taken into account.

4. Esteban Cabrera
a. Database: BIS International Banking Statistics, Bank of International Settlements
b. Information: These database contains statistics that cover the balance sheets of internationally active banks. The statistics help us provide information about the geographical and currency composition of banks' assets and liabilities.
c. Interest: As an economist interested in both macroeconomics and finance, I find interesting information regarding the financial situation of foreign banks.
