Rafael
a. Database: International Investment Position Statistics (IMF DATA)
b. Information: This daata is a statistical statement that shows at a point in time the value of financial assets of residens of an economy
that are claims on nonresidents or are gold bullion held as reserve assets, and the liabilities of residents of an economy to nonresidents.
The difference between the assets and liabilities is the net position in the IIP and represents either a net claim on or a net liability to
the rest of the world.  
c. Interest: It's interesting to study further how people's geographic position and the relationship between their country and other can
affect their investments. This data shows the distribution of investments in each country, such as direct investment, portfolio investment, 
reserve assets, among others.


Ilenia Ttito 
a.Database: ENAHO Module 3 (Education)
b.Information:  The ENAHO Module 3 is a specialized dataset within the National Household Survey (ENAHO) that centres on education-related 
information. It gathers comprehensive data on various aspects of education, encompassing individuals of different age groups and educational 
levels within Peru. The dataset provides a rich source of information, capturing details such as enrollment patterns, academic performance, 
and educational trajectories.
c.Interest: I'm particularly intrigued by the information available in ENAHO Module 3, especially concerning the academic and career choices 
made by the participants. My research focuses on how individuals' chosen career paths correlate with their skill sets and academic 
achievements, and whether there are discernible differences based on factors like the type of secondary school attended (national or private).

Ana Lucía Del Río
a. Database: ENDES
b. Information: ENDES (National Survey of Demographics and Famiy´s Health)is a survey made by INEI (National Institute of Statistics and informatics) that collects data related to population demographics, including age, sex, marital status, and migration patterns.
It gathers information on health-related aspects, including maternal and child health, family planning, vaccination coverage, and prevalence of diseases. 
ENDES includes data on household characteristics, education levels, employment, and access to basic services.
The survey also provides insights into the nutritional status of children and adults.
c. Interest: I am quite interested on exploring ENDES, because this survey allows me to you gain insights into population dynamics, health trends, and the social determinants of health in Peru. 
As an economyst interest on helping people, I can use this database to analyze and explore peoples problems on this matters.

James Medina Vanini
a. Database: Young Lives
b. Information: Young Lives is a unique longitudinal study of poverty and inequality that has been following the lives of 12,000 children
in Ethiopia, India (Andhra Pradesh and Telangana), Peru and Vietnam since 2001. 
c. Interest: I want to take advantage of this longitudinal survey to study how various factors like malnutrition, poverty and indicators 
of child care affect cognitive and socio-emotional development over the survey's multiple time rounds. 




